# SportlerToCSVAndPlot

This is a personal project with no explicit support for anybody else.

These Scripts allow the processing of logs from the Android App "Sportler". A Log is converted to 2 csv-files, one with the additional (calculated/deduced) values/columns: SpeedDiff and Acceleration. The resulting CSV-file can be visualized with plotly.

--------

These scripts are written for python3.6 and linux (ubuntu). Windows and Mac are currently not supported.
Dependencies:
- TkInter
- Pandas
- Plotly
- numpy & scipy

-------

How to execute:
With installed dependencies, download all files (the csv-files aren't needed, but can be useful for reference).
Execute the Python script "sportlerAnalyseWithGui.py" via python/console.

-------

How to use the GUI:
Mostly self-explanatory.
Start-Position and End-Position should always be set to -1, if you haven't tinkered with the code yourself.
Basically, -1 in both fields means the whole sportler log (all entries) are processed. If you know how many entries are in the log, you can set a custom intervall to evaluate. E.g. from Entry 10 000 to the end would be Start Position: 10000 and End Position: -1.

Please make sure all fields are filled in before pressing any buttons.

Field 1: Enter the name of the sportler-log (with the .spt at the end) here.
Field 2: Enter a name for the CSV file to be generated, either with or without ".csv" at the end.
Field 3: Enter the start of the interval for entry processing.
Field 4: Enter the end of the interval for entry processing.
Field 5: Should missing entries be generated by interpolation? (usefull for smoothing the graph later)

After pressing the Execute-Button, 2 csv are generated. This can take some time. The first file has the name you entered in Field 2. The second file has the letters "wAccel" inserted before the ".csv", to signify that this file contains additionally generated columns.

Plot Category: Choose which Column/Data should be shown in the plot.
Plot Smoothing: Choose how aggressive the smoothing in the plot should be.

Generate Plot/Show-Button: Generate the plot. For this to work correctly, the <field2>+'wAccel.csv' file has to exist.
  
